add release note for Compose 2.14.1 (#16367)
docker/docs: compose/release-notes.md

redirect_from:
  - /release-notes/docker-compose/
---
## 2.14.1
{% include release-date.html date="2022-12-15" %}

### Updates
- Dependencies upgrade: bump Go to 1.19.4
- Dependencies upgrade: bump containerd to 1.6.12

### Bug fixes and enhancements
- Added `--parallel` to limit concurrent engine calls. Pull Request [compose#10030](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/10030){:
  target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_"}

> - Distinguish stdout and stderr in `up` logs. Fixed [compose#8098](https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/8098){:target="_blank" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Distinguished stdout and stderr in `up` logs. Fixed [compose#8098](https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/8098){:target="_blank" 
```

rel="noopener" class="_"}
- Aligned `compose ps` output with `docker ps`. Fixed [compose#6867](https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/6867){:target="_blank"
rel="noopener" class="_"}
- Added `--include-deps` to push command. Pull Request [compose#10044](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/10044){:target="_blank"
  rel="noopener" class="_"}
- Introduced `--timestamp` option on `compose up`. Fixed [compose#5730](https://github.com/docker/compose/issues/5730){:target="_blank"
  rel="noopener" class="_"}

> - Apply uid/gid when creating secret from environment. Pull Request [compose#10084](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/10084){:target="_blank"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compose now applies uid/gid when creating a secret from the environment. Pull Request [compose#10084](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/10084){:target="_blank"
```

  rel="noopener" class="_"}
- Fixed deadlock when waiting for attached-dependencies. Fixed [compose#10021](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/10021){:target="_blank"
  rel="noopener" class="_"}
- Fixed race condition when collecting pulled images IDs. Fixed [compose#9897](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/9897){:target="_blank"
  rel="noopener" class="_"}

> - Compose don't stop `pull` command for images that can be built. Fixed [compose#8724](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/8724){:target="_blank"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compose desn't stop the `pull` command for images that can be built. Fixed [compose#8724](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/8724){:target="_blank"
```

  rel="noopener" class="_"}
- Fixed corner case when there's no container to attach to. Fixed [compose#8752](https://github.com/docker/compose/pull/8752){:target="_blank"
  rel="noopener" class="_"}

> - Compose containers startup must run sequentially for engine to assign distinct ports within configured range. Fixed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compose containers' startup must run sequentially for engine to assign distinct ports within a configured range. Fixed 
```
